>> Scott Moss: Caching in Next.js is one
is way different than a pages directory,
okay?
So caching in Next.js the way it works
is by default on the server component.
Everything's cached by default.
There are different things that you
can put in your code that will turn
the caching off, so let me explain that.
Let's go to some of our slots,
for example.
Let's do some things.
So for instance,
what's a good thing I can do here?
So let's do this,
I'm gonna go into my current user.
I'm going to, we're gonna make a log here,
console log get user.
So this is gonna this is gonna say get
user, and then I'm just gonna like just
turn this off for, or actually we'll
just leave it we'll just see it,
we'll see a number so let's see,
let's run this or refresh this.
I'm gonna do a hard refresh
actually let me clear my console.
I'll do a heart refresh.
Okay, we saw get user three times.
That makes sense because we have
three slots that each do it once.
So we saw it three times, right?
If I refresh it again,
we see it again three times.
So it's clear that in this
case is not cashing, right?
We're not caching by default
with this scenario, and
that's because we're using
something that Next.js
has determined, is dynamic and
should not be cached.
And that's gonna be cookies.
Because we're using cookies in this
function, which is per request, Next.js
is smart enough to know like, I should
not cache this because this function
depends on a dynamic value like cookies
which can change every single request.
So therefore, it should not be cached.
It's just gonna get the same user though.
It's gonna hit the database and
get the same user three different times or
in amount of times or however many times
I'm calling this function and one request.
It's gonna get it that many times.
That's kind of redundant.
So, in this case we don't want to do
a persistent cache because in that way,
it will always read the same
cookie that I read last time, and
if someone logged out,
we would never catch it.
But what we do wanna do
is a per request cache.
We wanna memorize this.
So on the same request, it won't do
the same function more than once.
So that's what we would
want in this scenario.
So the best way to do that is gonna be
with the cache function from React.
So if you get the cache
function from React,
you can just wrap it around this,
pretty simple.
Okay, how was it doing that?
And then we'll just say cache this.
This is a per request memorization.
So now if I put the log in here.
>> Scott Moss: Let's see what happens.
We're gonna go back, we're gonna refresh,
and I see user one time now
instead of three times.
So that's great.
We want that, that solved that problem.
But there are other scenarios
where we might want to cache,
we might not want to cache.
So let's go look at the other functions
that we call to see their behaviors.